---
parent: Projects
nav_order: "A"
---

# Learning and Education

> Learning workforce skills through the incorporation of novel class _structures_ beyond the traditional classroom

The word _'structure'_ includes things like;

- how grades are awarded
- what types of assessments are used
- how learning new material happens
- how students interact with each other in the class
- how the teacher delivers material
- how textbooks are used
- tools that are used in the course
- etc.

## Job Specific Vs. Job General Skills

- __Focus:__ What are the things employers want students to have in their skills bag that school isn’t providing?
- __Ignore:__ The topics in the course around the specific major (e.g., Stat methods for statistics majors, biology principles for biology majors) don’t need to be discussed - only as they might relate to what you discover from the employer interviews.

## Who are our clients?

- __Primary:__ Potential employers of recently graduated students.   
- __Secondary:__ The students upon which the _'novel class structures'_ are applied.   
## Other thoughts

- You could pick one degree to help your team focus.
- You could think about elements of the course that promote enduring career learning.
- You could have different sets of materials incorporated into multiple classes compared to having one class.

## Deliverables

Your primary deliverables include;

- 1-2 Pages of quotes with references to your workforce sources.
- 3-Minute pitch for funding to make a prototype.
- Justify you have good 'thick' data.
- Justify that you have a good understanding of the problem.
- Justify your proposed plan.