---
parent: Projects
nav_order: "A"
published: false
---

# Game On

_Notice that this design challenge is more clearly specified than the last challenge.  In fact, we are setting the walls or boundaries within which your teams can create._  

__Create a cost-efficient physical game that teaches soft skills ...__

- __Physical Game:__ We don't want a **video game**.  The game should have cards, boards, tokens, and/or dice.  
_ __Cost Efficient:__ We ask you to figure out a few elements.
    - What is the size of your audience? 
    - What will it cost to build 1,000 units of your game?
    - What profit margin will you need to stay active in selling the product?
    - How much do you expect people to pay for the type of game you have built ([Notes on pricing](http://www.businessinsider.com/3-powerful-pricing-strategies-businesses-should-always-consider-2013-10))?
- __Teaches Soft Skills:__
    - _Purposefully Curious_ -  Active Learning, Originality, Fluency of Ideas
    - _Collaborative_ - Oral Expression, Social Perceptiveness, Time Management
    - _Scientifically Minded_ - Critical Thinking, Judgment and Decision Making, Inductive Reasoning
    - _Self-Aware_ - Active Listening, Negotiation, Category Flexibility
- __For (Age Group):__
    Each team will set the fourth wall, but the age can't be older than 14.
    - We would like this wall set before the end of next week.
    - Once your team sets this wall, it becomes a non-negotiable part of the challenge.

## Deliverables

This project may take the remainder of the semester.

- A first prototype game four weeks after we start.
- Feedback from your age-group clients after playing your first prototype (following week).
- The second version of your prototype will be played by different teams from our course (following week).
- A presentation of your game that goes over the following (3-minutes)
    - Feedback you got from players
    - How your game teaches the soft-skill
    - Expected costs
    - Next steps to get your game to market